# Introduction

Just like any book, we too have an Introduction page. But that doesnt mean that you can skip 
this content and move to the next chapter. I have composed the informations about the way in which 
i am going to explain the various contents that i consider to be necessary to getting started 
with Angular2.

The way i am going to explain them form the center stage of this book. Its very simple, I am in 
the process of upgrading my AngularJS 1.x application to Angular2. After initial analysis, i 
understood that rather than upgrading if i can rewrite it from scratch then i can write a proper, 
clean and well-organised code by using __TypeScript__. With that decision, I started learning 
various ES6 features, TypeScript and Node JS based development tools. 

Though i have been using them occasionally for Express JS, MEAN or along with MongoDB. Using them 
for Frontend Development was little different from the approach we are used to in Sencha World.
Luckily, I was not completely relying on Sencha Cmd, I was using __'HTTP Proxy Server'__ (node 
NPM module for creating proxy connection to other Server and fetching it content as if it was 
avaiable from the same host) for connecting with the web services. Before choosing it, i tried 
different tools like Grunt, Gulp to see if they can be used instead of Sencha Cmd. But, they 
are no match for the Cmd tool when it comes to Sencha Application Development.

When i was doing my POC's based on Grunt, Gulp or any other development Tool. I never thought that 
i will working on those tools again because to me javascript framework based development is complete 
different from Sencha and it's not complicated as Sencha development is. All i need to do is to 
include the _CDN_ or the library _minified-js_ file and start writing the code based on the _API_ 
provided. This is how i developed my first application based on Angular JS 0.8.x 3years ago.

To know what i have learned other Sencha Ext JS? and How did it help fill the gap/delay in 
learning ES6? checkout the 'Author' Page. 
    